README.md, before:

# ml4cvd
Machine Learning for CardioVascular Disease - MGH/MIT edition!

## Contents
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Modes](#modes)
- [Jupyer Lab](#jupyter-lab)
- [Run scripts](#run-scripts)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Tensorize ECGs](docs/tensorize_ecgs.md)
- [Deidentify data](docs/deidentify.md)
- [Contribute](#contribute)

## Setup
1. install [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [conda](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/)
2. add user to group to run docker
    ```
    sudo usermod -aG docker $USER
    ```
3. build docker image
    ```
    ./docker/build.sh [-c for CPU image]
    ```
4. setup conda environment to install pre-commit into
    ```
    make setup
    ```
5. activate conda environment so that pre-commit hooks are run
    ```
    conda activate ml4cvd
    ```

## Modes

#### train
Dynamically generate, train, and evaluate a machine learning model.
```
./scripts/run.sh -t $PWD/ml4cvd/recipes.py \
--mode train \
--tensors /path/to/data \
--input_tensors ecg_signal \
--output_tensors patient_outcome \
--output_folder results \
--id my-experiment
```

## Jupyter Lab

> JupyterLab is a web-based interactive development environment for Jupyter notebooks, code, and data. [`source`](https://jupyter.org)

A Jupyter Lab instance can be run inside Docker containers with `ml4cvd` installed:
```
./scripts/run.sh -j [-p PORT, default is 8888]
```

If the notebook docker container is running locally, navigate to the link generated by the Jupyter server.

If the container is running remotely, a local port must be mapped to the remote port using an ssh tunnel before opening the link.
```
ssh -NL PORT:localhost:PORT USER@HOST
```

If changes to the code are made after a Jupyter Lab instance is launched, update the package within the Jupyter notebook by reinstalling and reimporting `ml4cvd`. The following code is run inside the notebook.
```
! pip install --user ~/ml
import ml4cvd
```

> replace `~/ml` with the path to the repo on your machine

## Run scripts
Run scripts are stored in [this Dropbox folder](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/hjz7adj01x1erfs/AABnZifp1mUqs7Z_26zm4ly9a?dl=0).

### Script dispatcher

To distribute training scripts across bootstraps and GPUs, use [`scripts/dispatch.py`](https://github.com/aguirre-lab/ml/blob/er_dispatcher/scripts/dispatch.py):

```zsh
python scripts/dispatch.py \
--gpus 0-3 \
--bootstraps 0-9 \
--scripts \
    ~/dropbox/ml4cvd_run_scripts/sts_ecg/train-simple.sh
    ~/dropbox/ml4cvd_run_scripts/sts_ecg/train-varied.sh
    ~/dropbox/ml4cvd_run_scripts/sts_ecg/train-deeper.sh
```

## Tests
From in the `ml` repo directory, run integration and pre-pytest unit tests:
```
./scripts/run.sh -t $PWD/ml4cvd/tests.py
```

### Unit tests
To run unit tests in Docker:
```
bash scripts/run.sh -T $PWD/tests
```

Some of the unit tests are slow due to creating, saving and loading `tensorflow` models.
To skip those tests to move quickly, run
```
./scripts/run.sh -T $PWD/tests -m '"not slow"'
```
Ensure you wrap `"not slow"` in single quotes.

pytest can also run specific tests using `::`. For example
```
./scripts/run.sh -T $PWD/tests/test_recipes.py::TestRecipes::test_explore -m '"not slow"'
```

For more pytest usage information, checkout the [usage guide](https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/usage.html).


## Contribute

Submit a new feature request, bug report, etc. by creating a [new issue with the ml4cvd template](https://github.com/aguirre-lab/ml/issues/new/choose).

TODO discuss PR and review norms

Commit message:

example to run plot ecg recipe (#269)

README.md, after:

# ml4cvd
Machine Learning for CardioVascular Disease - MGH/MIT edition!

## Contents
- [Setup](#setup)
- [Modes](#modes)
- [Jupyer Lab](#jupyter-lab)
- [Run scripts](#run-scripts)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Tensorize ECGs](docs/tensorize_ecgs.md)
- [Deidentify data](docs/deidentify.md)
- [Contribute](#contribute)

## Setup
1. install [docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/) and [conda](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/)
2. add user to group to run docker
    ```
    sudo usermod -aG docker $USER
    ```
3. build docker image
    ```
    ./docker/build.sh [-c for CPU image]
    ```
4. setup conda environment to install pre-commit into
    ```
    make setup
    ```
5. activate conda environment so that pre-commit hooks are run
    ```
    conda activate ml4cvd
    ```

## Modes

#### train
Dynamically generate, train, and evaluate a machine learning model.
```
./scripts/run.sh -t $PWD/ml4cvd/recipes.py \
--mode train \
--tensors /path/to/data \
--input_tensors ecg_signal \
--output_tensors patient_outcome \
--output_folder results \
--id my-experiment
```

#### plot_ecg
Plot ECGs generated by the GE Muse system that have been tensorized to HD5 format. Supports plotting in two modes: `clinical` which plots the a composite view of the 12 leads that the GE Muse system would print and `full` which plots each lead individually for all 10 seconds.
```
./scripts/run.sh -c $PWD/ml4cvd/recipes.py \
--mode plot_ecg \
--plot_mode clinical \
--tensors /path/to/ecgs \
--output_folder results \
--id my-plots
```

## Jupyter Lab

> JupyterLab is a web-based interactive development environment for Jupyter notebooks, code, and data. [`source`](https://jupyter.org)

A Jupyter Lab instance can be run inside Docker containers with `ml4cvd` installed:
```
./scripts/run.sh -j [-p PORT, default is 8888]
```

If the notebook docker container is running locally, navigate to the link generated by the Jupyter server.

If the container is running remotely, a local port must be mapped to the remote port using an ssh tunnel before opening the link.
```
ssh -NL PORT:localhost:PORT USER@HOST
```

If changes to the code are made after a Jupyter Lab instance is launched, update the package within the Jupyter notebook by reinstalling and reimporting `ml4cvd`. The following code is run inside the notebook.
```
! pip install --user ~/ml
import ml4cvd
```

> replace `~/ml` with the path to the repo on your machine

## Run scripts
Run scripts are stored in [this Dropbox folder](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/hjz7adj01x1erfs/AABnZifp1mUqs7Z_26zm4ly9a?dl=0).

### Script dispatcher

To distribute training scripts across bootstraps and GPUs, use [`scripts/dispatch.py`](https://github.com/aguirre-lab/ml/blob/er_dispatcher/scripts/dispatch.py):

```zsh
python scripts/dispatch.py \
--gpus 0-3 \
--bootstraps 0-9 \
--scripts \
    ~/dropbox/ml4cvd_run_scripts/sts_ecg/train-simple.sh
    ~/dropbox/ml4cvd_run_scripts/sts_ecg/train-varied.sh
    ~/dropbox/ml4cvd_run_scripts/sts_ecg/train-deeper.sh
```

## Tests
From in the `ml` repo directory, run integration and pre-pytest unit tests:
```
./scripts/run.sh -t $PWD/ml4cvd/tests.py
```

### Unit tests
To run unit tests in Docker:
```
bash scripts/run.sh -T $PWD/tests
```

Some of the unit tests are slow due to creating, saving and loading `tensorflow` models.
To skip those tests to move quickly, run
```
./scripts/run.sh -T $PWD/tests -m '"not slow"'
```
Ensure you wrap `"not slow"` in single quotes.

pytest can also run specific tests using `::`. For example
```
./scripts/run.sh -T $PWD/tests/test_recipes.py::TestRecipes::test_explore -m '"not slow"'
```

For more pytest usage information, checkout the [usage guide](https://docs.pytest.org/en/latest/usage.html).


## Contribute

Submit a new feature request, bug report, etc. by creating a [new issue with the ml4cvd template](https://github.com/aguirre-lab/ml/issues/new/choose).

TODO discuss PR and review norms
