model_zoo/liver_fat_from_mri_ukb/README.md, before:

# [Machine learning enables new insights into clinical significance of and genetic contributions to liver fat accumulation](https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.09.03.20187195v1)

Here we host two models for estimating liver fat from abdominal MRI. 
The liver fat percentage training data is from the returned liver fat values in the [UK Biobank field ID 22402](https://biobank.ctsu.ox.ac.uk/crystal/field.cgi?id=22402).  These values were only calculated for the echo protocol, so to infer liver fat from the ideal protocl we used a teacher/student modeling approach.

## Teacher Model
The teacher model was trained with abdominal MRIs acquired using the [echo protocol, UK Biobank field ID 20203](https://biobank.ctsu.ox.ac.uk/crystal/field.cgi?id=20203).  
This model takes input of shape 160 x 160 x 10 and emits a scalar representing estimated liver fat percentage.
The input TensorMap is defined at `tensormap.ukb.mri.gre_mullti_echo_10_te_liver`.
The output TensorMap associated with these values is defined at `tensormap.ukb.mri.liver_fat`.
The keras model file is at [liver_fat_from_echo.h5](liver_fat_from_echo.h5) and the model architecture is shown below.  The "?" in the input dimension represents the batch size of the input, which can be determined at runtime.  When training the teacher model we used a batch size of 8.
![](liver_fat_from_echo_teacher_model.png)


## Student Model
The teacher model made inferences on all available MRIs acquired with the echo protocol, which includes some individuals who also had abdominal MRI with the [ideal protocol,  UK Biobank field ID 20254](https://biobank.ctsu.ox.ac.uk/crystal/field.cgi?id=20254).
The student model was trained on these individuals, using the teacher model's inferences as truth data and abdominal MRIs acquired with the ideal protocol as input.  
This model takes input of shape 232 x 256 x 36 and also emits a scalar representing estimated liver fat percentage.
The input TensorMap is defined at `tensormap.ukb.mri.lms_ideal_optimised_low_flip_6dyn`.
The output TensorMap associated with these values is defined at `tensormap.ukb.mri.liver_fat_echo_predicted`. 
The keras model file is at [liver_fat_from_ideal.h5](liver_fat_from_ideal.h5) and the model architecture is shown below. The "?" in the input dimension represents the batch size of the input, which can be determined at runtime.  When training the student model we used a batch size of 5.
![](liver_fat_from_ideal_student_model.png)

Commit message:

Added sentence containing link to the paper on the model to several READMEs.
Previously the link was containing in the title.

model_zoo/liver_fat_from_mri_ukb/README.md, after:

# Machine learning enables new insights into clinical significance of and genetic contributions to liver fat accumulation

This folder contains models and code supporting the work described in (this paper)[https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.09.03.20187195v1] published in Cell Genomics

Here we host two models for estimating liver fat from abdominal MRI. 
The liver fat percentage training data is from the returned liver fat values in the [UK Biobank field ID 22402](https://biobank.ctsu.ox.ac.uk/crystal/field.cgi?id=22402).  These values were only calculated for the echo protocol, so to infer liver fat from the ideal protocl we used a teacher/student modeling approach.

## Teacher Model
The teacher model was trained with abdominal MRIs acquired using the [echo protocol, UK Biobank field ID 20203](https://biobank.ctsu.ox.ac.uk/crystal/field.cgi?id=20203).  
This model takes input of shape 160 x 160 x 10 and emits a scalar representing estimated liver fat percentage.
The input TensorMap is defined at `tensormap.ukb.mri.gre_mullti_echo_10_te_liver`.
The output TensorMap associated with these values is defined at `tensormap.ukb.mri.liver_fat`.
The keras model file is at [liver_fat_from_echo.h5](liver_fat_from_echo.h5) and the model architecture is shown below.  The "?" in the input dimension represents the batch size of the input, which can be determined at runtime.  When training the teacher model we used a batch size of 8.
![https://www.medrxiv.org/content/10.1101/2020.09.03.20187195v1](liver_fat_from_echo_teacher_model.png)


## Student Model
The teacher model made inferences on all available MRIs acquired with the echo protocol, which includes some individuals who also had abdominal MRI with the [ideal protocol,  UK Biobank field ID 20254](https://biobank.ctsu.ox.ac.uk/crystal/field.cgi?id=20254).
The student model was trained on these individuals, using the teacher model's inferences as truth data and abdominal MRIs acquired with the ideal protocol as input.  
This model takes input of shape 232 x 256 x 36 and also emits a scalar representing estimated liver fat percentage.
The input TensorMap is defined at `tensormap.ukb.mri.lms_ideal_optimised_low_flip_6dyn`.
The output TensorMap associated with these values is defined at `tensormap.ukb.mri.liver_fat_echo_predicted`. 
The keras model file is at [liver_fat_from_ideal.h5](liver_fat_from_ideal.h5) and the model architecture is shown below. The "?" in the input dimension represents the batch size of the input, which can be determined at runtime.  When training the student model we used a batch size of 5.
![](liver_fat_from_ideal_student_model.png)
